Add entity types customization to Dynatrace docs (#1652)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/apm-alerting/dynatrace/dynatrace.md

  Note the value of the `blueprint` key - if you want to use a hardcoded string, you need to encapsulate it in 2 sets of quotes, for example use a pair of single-quotes (`'`) and then another pair of double-quotes (`"`)
  :::

> ### Congiguring entities ingestion using `entityTypes` selector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ingest additional resource types
```

> The entity kind by default ingests only entities of the type `APPLICATION` and `SERVICE` due to large number of entity types available. However you can configure the `entity` kind mapping to ingest entities of other types such as seen in the [Dynatrace Cloud Resources guide](/guides/all/ingest-cloud-resources-using-dynatrace.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `entity` kind ingests only entities of type `APPLICATION` and `SERVICE` due to the large number of available resources.  
However, you can configure the `entity` kind mapping to ingest entities of other types.
```

To do this, use the `entityTypes` selector in the entity mapping like so:

<details>

> <summary><b>Configuring entity types for `entity` kind (Click to expand)</b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary><b>Mapping configuration (Click to expand)</b></summary>
```

```yaml showLineNumbers
createMissingRelatedEntities: true
deleteDependentEntities: true
resources:
  - kind: entity
    selector:
      query: "true"
      # highlight-next-line
      entityTypes: ["APPLICATION", "SERVICE"]
    port:
      entity:
        mappings:
          identifier: .entityId
          title: .displayName
          blueprint: '"dynatraceEntity"'
          properties:
            firstSeen: ".firstSeenTms / 1000 | todate"
            lastSeen: ".lastSeenTms / 1000 | todate"
            type: .type
            tags: .tags[].stringRepresentation
            managementZones: .managementZones[].name
            properties: .properties
            fromRelationships: .fromRelationships
            toRelationships: .toRelationships
```

</details>

> #### List of entity types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Available resource types
```

> You can retrieve a list of all entity types by using the [Dynatrace Entity Types API](https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/dynatrace-api/environment-api/entity-v2/get-entity-type#definition--EntityType). However, below is a list of entity types retrieved from the API so far:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve a list of available resource types by using the [Dynatrace Entity Types API](https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/dynatrace-api/environment-api/entity-v2/get-entity-type#definition--EntityType).   Below is a list of resource types retrieved from the API:
```
